hello it's captain Daniel speaking back
again to flying by amazing and rare 117
modifiable compilations
it's a beautiful day to fly so we'll do
a little bit of sightseeing involves my
area California enter your trip
make it very heavy before start
checklist AC power on cockpit lights on
this bus died on over to experience at
the hydraulic pumps huh AP you control
start Derwin four star chick just ugly
to cut out a point for cognition other
move 28 you're writing a brief order as
one start have it set up in one sitting
the blue 20
whether Raiders set up
IRS alignment finish
as in to start
right
electrical j
hydraulic pumps check
electro actuated flight controls check
flaps to trim sap a bu off door closed
before takeoff checklist complete
applying full trust
rolling
engine power check
wind check learn lights on
you
good morning
they won
rotate
be too
gloves one
go round
flaps
level off that tree Towson
Oh
343 boys
favorite bottle of goods the I wish my
forehead approached about the
information here sorry we have together
30 30 few heavy ones are most mebbe
training your wonderful stall stall
barfle trust laughs 123 for now flaps to
like a fire pit we can one thing free
for you
before every street
that we play to our Father
while a robe checklist
landing lights on
here then lab street
dessins ray knight on the cleat
permanence final approach hecklers
complete heavy thick heavy so whenever I
want
runway in sight
Oh
ah
wait one minute
what I got a nose like that
ok
also great up
when check five
approaching minimums
swear 100
gravity porting
retard and retard spiders deployed